Add HTTP 103 Early Hints support for faster asset loading (#722)
shakacode/shakapacker: docs/configuration.md

See [Subresource Integrity Guide](subresource_integrity.md) for details.

### `early_hints`

**Type:** `object`
**Default:** `{ enabled: false, include_css: true, include_js: true }`
**Requires:** Rails 5.2+, HTTP/2-capable server (Puma 5+, nginx 1.13+)

Enable HTTP 103 Early Hints for faster asset loading by sending Link headers before the final response.

```yaml
early_hints:
  enabled: true # default: false - must be explicitly enabled
  include_css: true # default: true - send Link headers for CSS chunks
  include_js: true # default: true - send Link headers for JS chunks
```

**How it works:**

> Browser starts downloading assets while Rails is still rendering, improving perceived page load performance.

Reviewer: > starts downloading assets while Rails is still rendering
Not true

**Configuration options:**

- **`enabled`**: Master switch for early hints feature (default: `false`)

>   - Set to `true` in production for faster page loads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Set to `true` in production to enable assets prioritization.
```

Again, claiming faster page loads is misleading. Enabling this flag can easily cause pages to load slower. Let's be extra careful with our phrasing, so as not to leave the impression that this is a magical button that makes things automatically faster.  We need to prevent people from misusing it and draw attention to the necessity of critical thinking.

  - Keep `false` in development (minimal benefit, adds noise to logs)
- **`include_css`**: Preload CSS assets (default: `true` when enabled)
  - Set to `false` to skip CSS early hints (save bandwidth)
  - Only has effect if your packs actually include CSS files
  - If no CSS in manifest, this setting doesn't matter
- **`include_js`**: Preload JavaScript assets (default: `true` when enabled)

>   - Set to `false` to skip JS early hints (rare use case)

Reviewer: Outdated values?

Should be `prefetch | preload | none`?
